[Music]
how to choose the best
kitchen knives to start with every man should
have a set of
personal knives even for simple domestic use
the choice of knives is very important
issues always in mind and you don't need
twenty different types of knives
especially if  you are about to buy
your first set but thinking that you need
a single knife to cut everything
is wrong depending on what we are going
to cut we need a
certain knife to obtain the
desired result but before
giving you other useful information
about it  on how to choose the best
kitchen hatches to start with, I
would like to introduce myself if you don't know me yet,
my name is Davide and on this
channel I publish some
delicious recipes and he tells you how to give the
best of you crocini so I
recommend you write to me and activate
notifications so that it will be updated for the
contents that I constantly publish.
There are many different types of
kitchen knives that are
specifically used to perform a specific
function. It is therefore necessary to have
clear ideas before making a purchase
that could turn out to be wrong first
of all.  what material
the knife is made of you will surely have
noticed that the knife handle is
always different this is because
knives are designed to perform
specific functions for example a
wooden handle is certainly made of a
material which is easy to handle thanks
to good adhesion and above all
because it weighs less but at the same time it is
delicate and tends to get ruined over time
and is considered unhygienic. For
this reason, wooden kitchens have been used for
years now. Plastic, on the other hand, has the
advantage of being more hygienic and
lighter and if a good mastic has  a
longer lifespan than wood, this
material is perfect for some types of knives and
for others, however it tends to lighten
the knife too much and therefore we have to
use more energy to cut
food with a harder structure, whereas
steel is used particularly for
professional knives, it guarantees  a
long duration over time and also
greater stability in the balance of the
knife but also the steel has defects
especially because it tends to oxidize it is
therefore advisable to endorse it after use and
dry it well
then you have to be careful because the
handle sometimes  it is too smooth and
could get out of hand when we are
cutting. It is no coincidence that sellers of
professional kitchen knives
recommend using as many
anti-cuts while you are working,
especially if you have never used
knives with steel handles before,
instead the blade is made
generally from a metal alloy
or another material such as
plastic with ceramic considering
that plastic and ceramic knives
are made of a material that few
people trust because apart from the fact that
they are quite fragile and then they
cannot even be sharpened therefore a
once the knife does not cut organic it
has to be thrown away
we then come to the steel blade
if they can use different types of
metal alloy or one above this
depends on the knife however for
more specific and precise information
we always ask for advice from an expert
craftsman  the blade of the knives can
be molded so it is made from
steel and then
fixed to the handle
or it can be forged when it is
made in a single piece of
steel in most cases
forged kitchen knives are
the most used ones  in the
professional field because they are more
comfortable and more resistant
these knives guarantee
greater durability over time
and better balance the only
disadvantage is that the blade is less
flexible
so what is the expense I will have to
face the knives
start from a few and then they can reach
to cost several hundred euros
there are even knives that cost
thousands of euros
ok but when I have to spend so as not to
find myself with an old iron in my hands
or an expensive knife which then doesn't
reflect the needs
of course for domestic use there is no
need to  spending several thousand
euros,
however, it is good to know the differences
because in this sector it doesn't seem like
saving means you have got a
bargain with a knife that costs little, it is
almost certainly made with
poor quality materials and it will certainly not have a good
balance
so in addition to having spent money
unnecessarily it
certainly  we will need to
buy another one in a
very short time,
furthermore a knife that has a blade
made with poor
quality materials is in fact also very difficult
to sharpen, whereas a product that costs
more, especially if it belongs to a well-
known company, will certainly be a good product
which will allow you to work at your best and
which will guarantee good durability over time. For
this reason it is always a good idea to
personally and carefully choose every single
knife you want to purchase. The
fact is that there are many
good quality knives at a cost
accessible to everyone such as knives.  the
vittorino the flop knives to some
Japanese knives now
the mission comes to mind that they are of excellent
quality and are handmade perhaps I
will leave you some links below in the
description so you can take a look at them in
time so which ones and how many
Knives are really necessary.
Knives are bought based on
how they are used and I'm telling you this
because I don't want to make you waste money
unnecessarily. It
makes no sense to buy knives that you
don't need.
What do you need a flexible knife
for salmon for without warning them?
never cuts or a knife for boning
second courses mainly meat already without
bone the
fact is that there are some types of
knives that I always recommend as
slitting or the classic one a
shell knife which is perhaps better
verne 21 for cutting raw food and
another for  cutting cooked food
in this way and we give you a possible
cross-contamination and
we also save
precious time since we don't have to clean the
knife every single time you
use it. the carving knife is a
useful knife for chopping, mincing,
cutting meat, fish and vegetables.  but
which ranges from 20 to 30 centimeters a little in
my opinion you can't not have one as it is
useful for various preparations
but be careful because it is not a knife
for working quickly
so if you prefer working
quickly he recommends a santon which is
smaller
many  they have fins
to prevent the food from sticking to the sides and
can be used quickly and
particularly used in
Asian cuisine so it must have at least one
carving knife. I advise you to have two
for domestic use do not go below
20 centimeters then it needs  of a
knife to develop the blade of
this knife is thin and flexible
of 20 25 cm it is useful for obtaining excellent
fish fillets and also for cutting
some types of meat it is a knife that
works with precision you need to practice
a little to understand how to handle  strength
but it is a knife that I
absolutely recommend if you are thinking of
buying October he hears me and finally a
pair of his eyes I which are small
knives with a sharp blade and are
essential for pizza
preparations the blade of these
knives is short and can  be straight,
serrated or curved, also called
beak, they are indispensable for small
jobs when it comes to engraving, peeling
or peeling then definitely
rely on one of these
knives because more than one well since
they are small and cheap there
are many good ones  quality around 34
euros each
I consider it appropriate to have more
than 1 always available
obviously I would never go and buy a
knife like that for 200 euros
because I don't consider it appropriate then there
are some people who do it and of
course respect their  choices
so in summary I have given you some
advice but the choice of knives is
subjective so in the end it is up to you to
decide the material and the type of
hatches you want to buy. I
recommend that you do not think of saving money by
buying poor quality knives but
invest in something that will last you in the long term.
time there are excellent knives at affordable prices
a good knife to start with starts from
and I guarantee you that an excellent step to
start on
I personally have my santoro from
victorinox bought five years ago and it is
still in good condition
buying a sense of knives and andrs
save up to 30 percent
compared to buying the same knives
of the same brand individually,
check that the 7 is included with a
filleted carving knife and I hope bent down
then three knives in the base then
free to add another carving knife
and another pair of spiro  kg which must
be sickly serrated and
I do well at this point you have some
more information on how to choose the
best kitchen knives to start with
but if all this is not lowered you should
know that I have created a
training course where it is possible to learn
all this  much faster and or
even created a free course
about it so if you want to access my
free cooking course I'll leave
the link here at the bottom of the description where you
just click on it and enter your email address,
well that's all for today if you liked
this video
leave a like share it with your
friends subscribe to my channel if you
haven't already done so and activate
notifications so that you will be informed of the
new content that I publish every
week thanks bye